Add additional metadata and preferred language support for rplaylive (#4)
c-basalt/yt-dlp: README.md

#### rplaylive

* `jwt_token`: JWT token that can be found as value of `_AUTHORIZATION_` entry from the browser local storage. This can be used as an alternative login method.

> * `lang`: Prefer translated metadata (`title`, `description`, and `uploader`) of this language code (case-sensitive) _if_ it exists for the video. 2 letter lowercase codes i.e. `en`, `jp`, `ko`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lang`: Provide language code (`en`, `jp`, `ko`) to use translated metadata (`title`, `description`, and `uploader`) when possible
```
